🏦 Bank Management System A Java + MySQL based banking application for
handling user authentication, account management, transactions, and
balance inquiries.

📌 Table of Contents 📌 Features 🛠️ Technologies Used 📂 Project
Structure 🖼️ UI Icons 🚀 Installation & Setup 📸 Screenshots 🔥 Future
Enhancements 🤝 Contributing 📄 License 📌 Features ✔️ Secure Login
System -- Authentication for users and bank staff. ✔️ Account Management
-- Create, update, and delete accounts. ✔️ Deposit & Withdraw Money --
Perform secure transactions. ✔️ Balance Inquiry -- Check real-time
account balance. ✔️ Transaction History -- View past transactions
easily. ✔️ Graphical UI -- Java Swing based interactive UI. ✔️ Database
Integration -- Uses MySQL for safe data storage.

🛠️ Technologies Used 🔧 Technology 💡 Description Java Core programming
language for logic & UI Swing & AWT GUI framework for user interface
JDBC Java Database Connectivity MySQL SQL-based database for storing
records Git & GitHub Version control and collaboration 📂 Project
Structure plaintext Copy Edit Bank Management System/ │── src/ │ ├──
bank/management/system/ │ │ ├── Login.java │ │ ├── Account.java │ │ ├──
Transactions.java │ │ ├── DatabaseConnection.java │ │ ├── Deposit.java │
│ ├── Withdraw.java │ │ ├── BalanceCheck.java │ │ │ ├── icon/ \# Folder
containing UI images │ │ ├── atm2.png │ │ ├── bankbg.png │ │ ├──
bank.png │ │ ├── card.png │ │ ├── provider.png │── lib/ │── out/ │──
.gitignore │── Bank Management System.iml │── README.md 🖼️ UI Icons 🏷
Image Name 🎯 Usage atm2.png ATM-related UI elements bankbg.png
Background for banking system bank.png Bank logo/icon card.png
Card-related operations (e.g., debit/credit cards) provider.png Service
provider-related transactions 🚀 Installation & Setup 1️⃣ Clone the
Repository sh Copy Edit git clone
https://github.com/kshitish28/Bank-Management-System.git cd
Bank-Management-System 2️⃣ Set Up the Database Install MySQL and create a
database: sql Copy Edit CREATE DATABASE bank_management; Import the
provided bank_management.sql file to set up tables. 3️⃣ Configure
Database Connection Update DatabaseConnection.java with your database
credentials:

java Copy Edit Connection con =
DriverManager.getConnection(\"jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/bank_management\",
\"root\", \"password\"); 4️⃣ Compile and Run the Project Compile Java
files

sh Copy Edit javac -d . src/bank/management/system/\*.java Run the main
class

sh Copy Edit java bank.management.system.Main 📸 Screenshots (Add
relevant screenshots of login, dashboard, and transactions here.)

🔥 Future Enhancements 🚀 Admin Dashboard -- Manage users and
transactions centrally. 🚀 Interest Calculation -- Apply interest rates
on savings. 🚀 Multi-Bank Branch Support -- Expand services. 🚀 ATM
Functionality -- Integrate ATM-like UI for cash withdrawal.

🤝 Contributing Pull requests are welcome! Open an issue for feature
suggestions or bug reports.

📄 License This project is open-source and available under the MIT
License.

⭐ Show Some Support! If you find this project helpful, please ⭐ star
the repository on GitHub! 😊

📌 How to Push the README.md File to GitHub 1️⃣ Initialize Git (if not
already done) sh Copy Edit git init 2️⃣ Add All Files to Staging sh Copy
Edit git add . 3️⃣ Commit the Changes sh Copy Edit git commit -m \"Added
README.md file\" 4️⃣ Set Your GitHub Repository (If Not Done) sh Copy
Edit git remote add origin
https://github.com/kshitish28/Bank-Management-System.git 5️⃣ Push the
README.md File to GitHub sh Copy Edit git push origin main (If your
branch is master, use git push origin master instead.)

✅ Success! 🎉 Your README.md file is now uploaded to GitHub. You can
view it on your repository homepage. Would you like me to modify
anything else? 😊🚀
